NEXT-29750 - Write dev document for advanced search (#1092)
shopware/docs: products/extensions/search/How-to-modify-search-logic.md

# How to modify search logic

@See: `\Shopware\Commercial\AdvancedSearch\Domain\Search\SearchLogic`

This class is the central place to build the Elasticsearch query:

> - Load all searchable fields of the wanted search entity and the current context's sales channel.
> - The search term will be tokenized and filtered into a list of "token". For e.g., `The 2 QUICK Brown-Foxes jumped over the lazy dog's bone.` will be tokenized to `[ The, 2, QUICK, Brown, Foxes, jumped, over, the, lazy, dog's, bone ]`.
> - Each search token will form a bool query to check whether the token is matched with any of the loaded searchable fields. This step is when `\Shopware\Commercial\AdvancedSearch\Domain\Search\TokenQueryBuilder::build` take place, it will help to build a `token query`.
> - These built queries will be combined into a single query by `AND` or `OR` operators, depending on the search behavior configured at the first step.
> - This query will be used by `\Shopware\Elasticsearch\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\ElasticsearchEntitySearcher` to search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Load all searchable fields of the wanted search entity and the current context's sales channel.
* The search term will be tokenized and filtered into a list of "token". For e.g., `The 2 QUICK Brown-Foxes jumped over the lazy dog's bone` will be tokenized to `[ The, 2, QUICK, Brown, Foxes, jumped, over, the, lazy, dog's, bone ]`.
* Each search token will form a bool query to check whether the token matches any of the loaded searchable fields. This step is when `\Shopware\Commercial\AdvancedSearch\Domain\Search\TokenQueryBuilder::build` takes place, it will help to build a `token query`.
* These built queries will be combined into a single query by `AND` or `OR` operators, depending on the search behavior configured at the first step.
* This query will be used by `\Shopware\Elasticsearch\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\ElasticsearchEntitySearcher` to search.
```
